[WIP]Call-for-Blogs: Introduction (#38700)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/call-for-blogs.md

> # Call for blog contributions

Reviewer: This is not how to start a blog article. Check the existing articles to see how it's done.

> This is a constantly updated list of the blogs that the sig-docs is interested in.

Reviewer 2: We should first set the context by stating which blog we're referring to. There are two, and only https://kubernetes.io/blog/ is within the remit of SIG Docs. It is one of our subprojects with its own Slack channel and set of reviewers/approvers.

Author: Could you provide some resources that I should go with to learn about those two types? I assumed there's only one type, Hence I referred it here.

Reviewer 2: I mentioned it above, @NitishKumar06.
There is a blog on the Kubernetes Documentation website - https://kubernetes.io/blog.
There is another blog on the Kubernetes Contributor Community Website - https://www.kubernetes.dev/blog/

The first is the one within our remit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a list of the blog topics that the Kubernetes project is interested in.
```

- We don't “constantly update” any of our blog articles.
- If we did make a commitment to keep a page updated, I think it'd be something within https://k8s.dev/
- or possibly within https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/

> This will list the blogs along with abstract that can be furthre used for gathering information.

Reviewer 2: This line should be inviting folks and asking them to reach out to us if they have any questions (on Slack) before they submit a PR to k/website. WDYT?

Author: From the issue, I'm thinking the introductory line will focus on mentioning a detail about some important blogs that most of the users are looking forward to. For eg. 

Folks would be interested to know more about Kubernetes:v1.26 release features - why it's an electrifying release?

However, the last line of the introduction can mention reaching out to slack for queries and references on how to submit blogs to Kubernetes. WDYT @divya-mohan0209 about this?

Reviewer 2: Could you PR the changes in and then we'll see if it fits in? I am not able to understand what you're trying to convey.

> ---

Reviewer 2: When someone looks at the list below, what do we want them to understand?
From the submitted issue and the explanation provided on Slack, I assume we want the users to know about the different types of blogs we publish or that they can submit content for. If that's the case, the one-line description provided against each listing is inadequate.

Author: Here's what I concluded from the issue:

As a [reference link](https://github.com/keras-team/keras-io/blob/master/call_for_contributions.md) provided on the issue, the blogs were selected with an intent to provide a little description of the _important blogs_.  Hence I listed some which include v1.26 features, etc. Do you think there's a need to change the number of blogs mentioned?

Reviewer 2: So, let me rephrase this in a way you'd understand better. Release blogs, feature blogs, etc., are written by folks within the community who are working on the releases and features. They are submitted as a part of the release, and we DO NOT invite contributions externally for them, i.e., they are being worked on by active contributors within the community. 
I am unsure how the Keras project functions, but to write a call-out, you need to tailor the call-out specific to our community to make it relevant. Which is why, it is okay to include one/two release blog examples in the call-out but not have an entire listing about release-related blogs since there are other types of blogs we invite contributions for.

Reviewer 2: To understand the other types, you will need to go beyond the surface level of the first page for blogs and do a bit of research.
